When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
When you are working on a project from different computers. or multiple people are working on a software project

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
When we are sure that the code is working, then we pull changes. FOr example, if new version of software has a bug, we wont pull changes till the bug is fixed.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Fork is when you copy someones repository on Github to your account. So then you can make customized changes to that repository without affecting the original one. Clone is when you copy a repository of Github onto your local machine. We can make clones from one directory in local machine to another directory, or clone from remote in Github to local machine. Branch is when within a repository, we make a new change and start a new series of commits. This can be used to test experimental changes and then can be merged with master later on.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
Benefit is that the latest version of the repository is always available with you upto date. And if you dont have Internet access, then you can still work on your repository, knowing very well that you have the latest version before goingout of Internet access.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Using Google Drive, and emails. Zip the software code and upload it to Googledrive then share it with BMPL.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
It is better to make changes in a separate branch rather than master when you are writing experimental code and dont want to break working version master. We can work directly with master when you we are working on own or with one or 2 ppl.
